One thing that's great about Create React Native App,
is it has built in support for icons.
So what you can do is any icon that's found
in any of these icon sets, whether it's fontawesome,
ionicons, materialicons, any of these,
we have access to those by default with create react native app.
If you want to explore all of the icons you can use,
you can head to this url.
So say we wanted, I don't know if there's going to be,
there is a pizza one. All right, perfect.
So say we wanted to use this ionicon's pizza icon inside our application.
How we would do that, is we would head over to our app and
we would import and ionicons from,
@expo/vector-icons and then now when we render this Ionicons component,
the name we give it is going to be associated with
the specific icon we want to use in the ionicons library.
So what we can do is just copy ios-pizza and paste that in there.
We also have a few other options.
We can come in here and say what color we want it to be.
Say we want it to be red.
And now when our app refreshes,
both on iOS and Android we get a little red pizza.
And because that's a little small,
what we can do is we can also specify a size and make it a little bit bigger.
So again Create React Native App by default comes with
@expo/vector-icons which then gives you access to all of these icon sets.